Presentation workflow:
1.1) Idea
You write down ideas to find out what kind of a story you want to tell.
At this phase, you shouldn't be really thinking about the slides.
Just write down topics around your subject, make mindmaps and find your idea.

1.2) Information
Once you have found your idea and your story starts to take form,
write down fragments and snippets of the story to find out the voice.

1.3) Script
Then start moulding the story around a dramatic structural template.
The structural template scaffolds your story and helps you increase its
impact and gives it focus.

1.4) Practice
As the script starts taking shape, you are practising through different
parts of it, creating individual slides and sequences to support your
message. Here you also start figuring out the timings for the sequences
you're practising.

Figure out how many things you can say in the time you have. And what
kinds of things you can do with the audience, how big is the audience.

1.5) Build
When you have your preso figured out to a large degree and start nailing
down slides and sequences, you start building the content for the slides.
This can include copy, demos, code snippets, images, videos and sounds.

Usually at this phase you also want to get the look & feel of the deck
to match the event where you're presenting.

1.6) Polish
With the script and slides pretty much solid, you'll go through them
multiple times in an effort to tweak, prune and polish them to perfection.
At this time you're also doing full-length rehearsals to get your tone
and body language right.

1.7) Preparation
You know what you're going to say. You know how you're going to say it.
You have great slides that support what you're saying. Now you need to
prepare for the real event.

How do you get there? Do you use your own computer? What kind of connectors
do they use? Do you have a PDF of your slides? What do you think you'll be
asked? Do you have answers for those questions?

1.8) Sharing
Get your preso deck, transcripts, notes and blog post online and share them
with all your followers. Post it to Hacker News / Reddit / whatever.
Increase your impact.

1.9) Maintenance
Keep the conversation going about the things you said. Answer questions,
update your deck, sell slides / whole preso to people who want to spread the
message.



